# Z-Future
"Z-future"
##### Our idea, Z-future addresses the challenge of how we might create the next generation of real estate transaction tools for Gen Z homeowners. We plan to create a solution that helps new home buyers make a more informed decision on a housing option when faced with several options and a few of those options may be a cheaper alternative but do not currently check all your boxes as a buyer but could be the perfect housing in the future. For example, if a gen z buyer (let's call her Jordyn), say 25 years who is currently single but plans to raise a family in the future is faced with two options on housing. Let's assume there is a housing option 5 minutes from amenities such as schools, parks, and grocery stores, and costs about 1.3million but there is another alternative in an area that is about 25 minutes from these amenities. Currently, proximity to amenities such as a children's park or school is not a deal breaker for Jordyn, but in a few years should she decide to raise a family it will prove vital.  With the existing system, Jordyn either gambles on going for the cheaper option with the hopes that in a few years there will be development in that area or she goes for the more expensive housing which significantly cuts her spending power and negatively affects her standard of living, or she is unable to afford or meet the minimum requirements for the expensive housing option but she is scared to take the risk on the second housing option so she continues renting an apartment. Our solution is to help Jordyn make a more informed and comfortable decision by developing a solution that gives the prediction information on the potential development of an area and suggests other options that fit the basic requirements Jordyn wants such as the number of beds and baths that are cheaper and have a high probability of fitting her other requirements in a few years such as proximity to school that is not currently a deal breaker.

##### See [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBXBkkGkTvM) for full information about the project.
